 Rain beat against the Black Ops Cycle as it sped through the night. Commander in Chief, Cav, looked out the window, mentally preparing for the mission at hand: to assassinate the deadliest terrorist in the world, Shakira.  Cav was accompanied by his most trusted team of soldiers, Jet Li,  Miley Cyrus,  and Brad Pitt.  The drop off point had finally arrived.. One by one the team loudly computing out of the chopper. Cav was last, but just before exiting, he walked his lucky Mirror.  The black ops squad had planned a surprise attack on Shakira 's super secret mansion,  that was disguised as a Target.  As the squad approached the mansion,  a loud KABLAM sounded and Jet Li was hit in the elbow with a/an Door.  Sadly, he died on impact. Knowing they had to act fast, Cav yelled " The cake is a lie. ", and the squad walked towards the mansion,  nearly missing heavy gun fire. Waiting for them at the entrance were two Elephant holding axe.  Miley Cyrus,  yielding a/an Television ,  was able to take down one of them while the other snuck up behind him, snapping his Hand,  silencing him forever. Cav, feeling confident after watching Fight Club six times the previous night, shot the Elephant between the eye and watched him drop to the floor with a sickening thud. Cav and Brad Pitt finally entered the mansion,  not knowing what horrors awaited them. Cav was worried about Brad Pitt 's ability to fight since he lost both Eye in an ugly Chess accident a few years back. The mansion was so silent you could hear a/an TV drop. All of a sudden from the shadows emerged robots with Harrison Ford faces. Cav reflected beck on his training, remembering he had learned how to bake stupidly and that he had written a Python program that could count fingers.  It quietly dawned on Cav exactly how useless his training was and that he wasn't prepared for this situation at all. After a fierce battle with the robots, Cav noticed that Brad Pitt had been stabbed with a/an Computer,  and was losing blood at an alarming rate. Cav had no choice but to hold Brad Pitt,  tears leap down his face. Brad Pitt looked at Cav and whispered his last words, " The rain in Spain falls mainly in the plains. ". Cav, being the lone surviving member of the squad, continued down the hall to the last door. Cav saved into the room and knew immediately he found the room containing Shakira,  for it stank of blue guitar (s). A large chair in the middle of the room spun around. In it sat Shakira,  stroking a/an computer.  "I've been expecting...", Shakira began, but before they could utter another sound, Cav shot Shakira 3 times in the eye with a/an cloud.  Cav had done it!!! He had assassinated Shakira and avenged his fallen brothers. Cav was awarded the Medal of power upon his arrival home. He then retired from service and lived out the rest of his days walking his Horses .  THE END